bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l af
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l am
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ar
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l as
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ast
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l az
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l be
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l bg
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l bn
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l bn-in
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l bs
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l byn
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l crh
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l cy
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l dz
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l eo
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l eu
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l fa
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l fo
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l gez
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l gu
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l haw
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l he
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l hi
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l hy
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ia
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ka
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l kk
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l km
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l kn
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ku
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l mi
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l mk
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ml
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l mr
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ms
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l mt
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ne
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l nso
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l or
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l pa
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ps
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l si
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l so
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l sq
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l sw
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ta
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l te
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ti
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l tig
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l tk
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l tl
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l tt
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ug
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l ve
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l wa
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l wal
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l wo
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l xh
bin/development/manage.py xlate -v 2 -l zh_hans
bin/development/manage.py xla-v 2 te -l zu